on_actions = {
	on_startup = {
		effect = {
############################
			PRC = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = PRC_zhu_de
retire_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
retire_character = PRC_lin_biao
retire_character = PRC_chen_yi
retire_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
retire_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
retire_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
retire_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
retire_character = PRC_ye_jianying
retire_character = PRC_su_yu
retire_character = PRC_chen_geng
retire_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
retire_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
retire_character = PRC_he_yuandang #吴运铎
retire_character = PRC_gao_qiu #换为张爱萍
retire_character = PRC_hsia_tian #换为刘亚楼
retire_character = PRC_zhang_wei #换为刘道生
retire_character = PRC_fang_zeyi #换为萧华
retire_character = PRC_gao_gang
retire_character = PRC_liang_shen #换为方子翼
retire_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng #换为邓业鹏
retire_character = PRC_ma_jin #换为彭德怀
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = XY_PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = XY_PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = XY_PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = XY_PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = XY_PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = XY_PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = XY_PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = XY_PRC_he_long
recruit_character = XY_PRC_ye_ting
recruit_character = XY_PRC_luo_ronghuan
recruit_character = XY_PRC_chen_guang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_xu_guangda
recruit_character = XY_PRC_peng_xuefeng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zhu_rui
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zhang_aiping
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zuo_quan
recruit_character = XY_PRC_deng_xiaoping
recruit_character = XY_PRC_xu_haidong
recruit_character = XY_PRC_huang_kecheng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_Tan_Zheng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_Luo_Ruiqing
recruit_character = XY_PRC_Zhang_Yunyi
recruit_character = XY_PRC_Wang_Shusheng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_yang_jingyu
recruit_character = XY_PRC_zhao_shangzhi
# 内阁
recruit_character = XY_PRC_lin_boqu
recruit_character = XY_PRC_wu_yunduo
recruit_character = XY_PRC_liu_yalou
recruit_character = XY_PRC_liu_daosheng
recruit_character = XY_PRC_xiao_hua
recruit_character = XY_PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_fang_ziyi
recruit_character = XY_PRC_han_xianchu
# 科学家
recruit_character = XY_PRC_deng_jiaxian
recruit_character = XY_PRC_qian_sanqiang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_wang_ganchang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_qian_xuesen
recruit_character = XY_PRC_gu_songfen
recruit_character = XY_PRC_luo_peilin
recruit_character = XY_PRC_huang_xuhua
recruit_character = XY_PRC_gu_maoxiang
recruit_character = XY_PRC_wang_zherong
recruit_character = XY_PRC_liu_xianzhi
# 特工
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "李克农"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/PRC_li_kenong.dds"
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_commando operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { PRC CHI }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "潘汉年"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/PRC_pan_hannian.dds"
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { PRC CHI JAP }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "郭汝瑰"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/PRC_guo_rugui.dds"
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { PRC CHI }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "熊向晖"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/PRC_xiong_xianghui.dds"
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { PRC CHI }
	}
}
############################
			CHI = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = CHI_tu_yuming
retire_character = CHI_zhu_de #换为杜聿明
retire_character = CHI_hsueh_yueh
retire_character = CHI_li_zongren #换为薛岳
retire_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
retire_character = CHI_chen_jitang #换为顾祝同
retire_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
retire_character = CHI_xiao_yisu #换为卫立煌
retire_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
retire_character = CHI_he_yingqin #换为孙立人
retire_character = CHI_huang_shen #换为萨镇冰
retire_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi #移至晋系
retire_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
retire_character = CHI_bai_chongxi
retire_character = CHI_he_yingqin
retire_character = CHI_chen_cheng #换为何应钦
retire_character = CHI_yu_hanmou #换为陈诚
retire_character = CHI_bo_yibo #换为蒋百里
retire_character = CHI_fang_zeyi #换为裘伟德
retire_character = CHI_xiao_jinguang #换为陈策
retire_character = CHI_random_prince_of_terror #换为毛人凤
retire_character = CHI_zhou_zhirou
retire_character = CHI_wang_ganchang
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = XY_CHI_du_yuming
recruit_character = XY_CHI_xue_yue
recruit_character = XY_CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = XY_CHI_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = XY_CHI_sun_li_ren
recruit_character = XY_CHI_feng_yuxiang
recruit_character = XY_CHI_cheng_qian
recruit_character = XY_CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = XY_CHI_he_yingqin
recruit_character = XY_CHI_tang_enbo
recruit_character = XY_CHI_guan_linzheng
recruit_character = XY_CHI_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = XY_CHI_gui_yongqing
recruit_character = XY_CHI_zhang_zizhong
recruit_character = XY_CHI_Chen_Cheng
recruit_character = XY_CHI_chen_mingren
recruit_character = XY_CHI_jiang_dingwen
recruit_character = XY_CHI_liu_zhi
recruit_character = XY_CHI_song_xilian
recruit_character = XY_CHI_song_zheyuan
recruit_character = XY_CHI_sun_lianzhong
recruit_character = XY_CHI_zhu_shaoliang
recruit_character = XY_CHI_jiang_weiguo
# 内阁
recruit_character = XY_CHI_jiang_baili
recruit_character = XY_CHI_qiu_weide
recruit_character = XY_CHI_chen_ce
recruit_character = XY_CHI_mao_renfeng
recruit_character = XY_CHI_zhou_zhirou
# 科学家
recruit_character = XY_CHI_wu_dayou
recruit_character = XY_CHI_wu_jianxiong
recruit_character = XY_CHI_dai_yungui
recruit_character = XY_CHI_zhu_lancheng
recruit_character = XY_CHI_wang_weinong
# 特工
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "戴笠"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/CHI_dai_li.dds"
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { CHI }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "徐恩曾"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/CHI_xu_enzeng.dds"
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { CHI }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "毛人凤"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/CHI_mao_renfeng.dds"
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { CHI }
	}
}
############################
			GXC = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = GXC_bai_chongxi
retire_character = GXC_chen_jitang
retire_character = GXC_yu_hanmou
retire_character = GXC_huang_shaohong
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = XY_GXC_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = XY_GXC_chen_jitang
recruit_character = XY_GXC_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = XY_GXC_zhang_fakui
recruit_character = XY_GXC_huang_shaohong
recruit_character = XY_GXC_huang_qixiang
recruit_character = XY_GXC_cai_tingkai
recruit_character = XY_GXC_jiang_guangnai
recruit_character = XY_GXC_li_pinxian
recruit_character = XY_GXC_liao_lei
recruit_character = XY_GXC_xia_wei
recruit_character = XY_GXC_ye_zhao
# 科学家
recruit_character = XY_GXC_ling_hongxun
# 特工
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "王公度"
		GFX = "gfx/leaders/spies/GXC_wang_gongdu.dds"
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { GXC CHI }
	}
}
############################
			YUN = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = YUN_lu_han
retire_character = YUN_liu_wenhui
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = XY_YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = XY_YUN_liu_xiang
recruit_character = XY_YUN_liu_wenhui
recruit_character = XY_YUN_deng_xihou
recruit_character = XY_YUN_sun_du
recruit_character = XY_YUN_li_jiayu
recruit_character = XY_YUN_yang_sen
recruit_character = XY_YUN_wang_jiaben
recruit_character = XY_YUN_wang_zuanxu
recruit_character = XY_YUN_zhang_chong
}
############################
			SHX = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = SHX_wang_jingguo
retire_character = SHX_fu_zuoyi
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_SHX_yan_xishan
recruit_character = XY_SHX_wang_jingguo
recruit_character = XY_SHX_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = XY_SHX_shang_zhen
recruit_character = XY_SHX_sun_chu
recruit_character = XY_SHX_xu_yongchang
recruit_character = XY_SHX_yang_aiyuan
recruit_character = XY_SHX_zhao_chengshou
# 科学家
recruit_character = XY_SHX_li_shuhua
}
############################
			XSM = {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = XSM_ma_buqing
retire_character = XSM_ma_hongbin
retire_character = XSM_ma_hongkui
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_bufang
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_hongbin
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_buqing
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_hongkui
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_jiyuan
recruit_character = XY_XSM_ma_dunjing
}
############################
			SIK= {
#### 删去人物
retire_character = SIK_chiang_yufen
retire_character = SIK_yol_bars
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_SIK_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = XY_SIK_Ma_Zhongying
recruit_character = XY_SIK_yaolebosi
recruit_character = XY_SIK_hejianiyazi
}
############################
			TIB = {
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_TIB_jamphel_yeshe_gyaltsen
recruit_character = XY_TIB_apeiawangjinmei
recruit_character = XY_TIB_Pengcuoraojie
}
############################
			MAN = {
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = XY_MAN_yu_zhishan
recruit_character = XY_MAN_aixinjueluo_jixing
}
############################
			MEN = {
#### 新增人物
# 将领
recruit_character = XY_MEN_prince_demchugdongrub
recruit_character = XY_MEN_li_shouxin
recruit_character = XY_MEN_wu_guting
}
############################
		}
	}
}